========================================================================
EXPORT C — Within-pair sample: remotasks.com
Company: SCALE  |  Audience: WORKER (B2W)
Pages: 10 of 10 total
Generated: 2026-03-20 12:51
========================================================================

READING NOTES:
  Read this alongside scale_b2b.txt
  This is the SAME COMPANY communicating to a DIFFERENT audience.
  Question: What changes? What stays the same?
  Pay attention to: labour vocabulary, compensation framing,
  worker agency, automation claims, quality rhetoric.

  Terms to watch: autonomous, automate, automation, machine, human, quality, worker, work, job, earn, pay, payment

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

How it works Blog Login Sign up Earn While doing online tasks from home Join our community of 240,000+ taskers! Start earning today JOIN A  GLOBAL COMMUNITY Meet entrepreneurial taskers like you. Join a community of 240,000+ taskers. $15M Total Earnings 240,000+ Total Taskers 90+ Countries HOW IT WORKS Do tasks, get paid. It's that simple From labeling images to transcribing audio, earn money completing simple tasks. Learn Easily Learn how to do tasks with our quick online courses or free hands-on training Complete Tasks Work on tasks from projects you’ve unlocked Get Paid Weekly Get paid fast via PayPal or AirTM based on your quality & number of tasks completed Start earning today UNLOCK YOUR POTENTIAL Level up, earn more. Get trained on more difficult tasks that pay more. Difficulty Pay Difficulty Pay Difficulty Pay FLEXIBLE SCHEDULE Work from anywhere, anytime. Enjoy the safety & flexibility of working remotely. All you need is a computer & internet. Legals Working Location Policy Cookies Policy DPA Privacy Policy Community Guidelines Terms of Use Contact Supports © Remotasks. Made with ❤︎ remotasks.com

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/careers
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Page Not Found The page you are looking for doesn't exist or has been moved. Go Back

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/careers/hr-manager
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Page Not Found The page you are looking for doesn't exist or has been moved. Go Back

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/forgot
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Reset Password Input your registered email to reset your password Email * Email * Submit If your email corresponds to a valid user, we will send a link to reset your password. Done Here? Log in

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/legal/acceptable-use-policy
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Page Not Found The page you are looking for doesn't exist or has been moved. Go Back

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/legal/eu-dataprocessing
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Support Sign Up DPA Data Processing Addendum Data Processing Addendum Last Updated: June 9, 2023 ‍ This Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) and its Attachments form part of the Terms of Use or other written electronic agreement between Smart Ecosystem, Inc. (“Company”, “we”, or “us”) and you (the “Contract”) to provide certain labeling, annotation, collection or other services (“Services”). In providing the Services, you may process data, including personal data as defined under applicable data protection laws, on our behalf where we are processing such data on behalf of third-party Controllers. 1. Definitions “Adequacy Decision” shall mean a decision by the European Commission or the UK Government that a jurisdiction located outside of the EEA or the UK provides an adequate level of data protection, and that Personal Data to which the GDPR or UK GDPR applies may therefore flow freely to that jurisdiction without further safeguards being necessary, including but not limited to, the Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum. ‍ “Affiliate” means any entity under the control of a Party where “control” means ownership of or the right to control greater than 50% of the voting securities of such entity. ‍ “Applicable Privacy Law(s)” means all applicable worldwide data protection and privacy laws and regulations, including: EU data protection law – including, but not limited to: (a) (EU) Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) (the “GDPR”); (b) European Directive 2002/58/EC (the “e-Privacy Directive”) and Directive 2009/136/EC (the “Cookie Directive”), together with any national implementing laws in any Member State of the EU or in the UK; and (c) the GDPR as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK GDPR”) – and any equivalent legislation, or legislation dealing with the same subject matter as the foregoing, anywhere in the world; each as applicable to either Party, and each as amended, consolidated or replaced from time to time. The terms “Controller”, “Processor,” “processing,” “Personal Data”, “Data Subject”, and “Special Categories of Data” used in this DPA shall have the meanings given to them in the GDPR. Where this DPA does not draw a distinction between the GDPR and the UK GDPR, it is assumed that the same requirements apply in respect of each of them. ‍ “EEA” means, for the purposes of this DPA, the member states of the EU and European Economic Area. ‍ “Effective Date” means the date on which this DPA is executed by the Parties. ‍ “Party” means you or us, or together the “Parties”, under this DPA. ‍ “Security Incident” means any breach of security leading to, or reasonably believed to have led to, the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration of, or unauthorized disclosure or access to, Personal Data, including Personal Data. ‍ “Standard Contractual Clauses” means the clauses set forth in Attachment A which have been approved by the European Commission, on or about June 2021 in Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914, as a legal basis mechanism for the transfer of Personal Data to a third country (being any country outside the European Economic Area (EEA)). ‍ “Sub-processor” means a party engaged by a Processor to process Personal Data on its behalf. ‍ “Supervisory Authority” means an independent public authority responsible for monitoring compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws within its jurisdiction, including, without limitation, a supervisory authority as that term is defined in the GDPR, and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. ‍ “Term” means: (a) the term of the Contract; and (b) any period after the termination or expiry of the Contract during which you process Personal Data, until you have deleted, destroyed or returned such Personal Data in accordance with the terms of this DPA. ‍ "UK Addendum" means the UK Information Commissioner’s Office’s International Data Transfer Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses, VERSION B1.0, in force 21 March 2022, set out in Attachment B. 2. Role and Scope of Processing 2.1 You hereby agree that you shall be a Sub-processor with respect to the processing of Personal Data under the Contract, acting on behalf of Company (itself a Processor acting on behalf of third-party Controllers). You agree that you will comply with the requirements of this DPA and the Contract, at no additional cost to Company, at all times during the Term of the Contract. ‍ 2.2 Each Party shall comply with its obligations under Applicable Privacy Law(s) in respect of any Personal Data it processes under this DPA. ‍ 2.3 You shall at all times: (i) only process the Personal Data strictly and solely to the extent necessary in connection with this DPA, or as is necessary for the purpose of providing the Services to Company under the Contract, and in accordance with Company’s documented instructions received from time-to-time; and (ii) not process the Personal Data for your own purposes or those of any third party. ‍ 2.4 If you are required by any applicable law to process Personal Data for other purposes, you agree to promptly notify Company of such other purposes before performing the processing required, unless such law prohibits notifying Company; with respect to Personal Data to which the GDPR or UK GDPR applies, you may only process such Personal Data outside of Company’s documented instructions where you are required to do so by the laws of the EU, a European Member State, or the UK specifically (i.e., and not the laws of any other jurisdiction, including but not limited to the laws of the United States). ‍ 2.5 If you become aware or believe that any data processing instruction from Company violates Applicable Privacy Law(s) or you are unable to comply with Company’s data processing instructions for any reason, or you are unable to comply with the terms of the Contract or this DPA, you shall promptly: (i) notify Company of such inability, providing a reasonable level of detail as to the instructions with which you cannot comply and the reasons why you cannot comply, to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law; and (ii) cease all processing of the Personal Data (other than merely storing and maintaining the security of the Personal Data) until such time as Company issues new instructions with which you are able to comply. ‍ 2.6 You shall not, whether through action or omission, place Company in breach of any Applicable Privacy Laws. 3. Subcontracting 3.1 You shall not subcontract any processing of the Personal Data to a further sub-processor without the prior written consent of Company. If Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, chooses to grant such consent, you may not disclose any Personal Data to such sub-processor without first entering into a binding written agreement with the sub-processor that: (i) imposes on the sub-processor the same obligations that apply to you under this DPA with respect to the processing of Personal Data; and (ii) grants Company the right to enforce such agreement. 4. Cooperation 4.1 You shall, taking into account the nature of the processing, cooperate with Company to enable Company (or its third-party Controllers) to respond to any requests, complaints or other communications from Data Subjects and governmental, regulatory or judicial bodies relating to the processing of Personal Data under the Contract, including requests from Data Subjects seeking to exercise their rights under Applicable Privacy Law(s). You shall promptly pass any such request, complaint or communication made directly to you onto Company and shall not respond to such request, complaint or communication without our express authorization. ‍ 4.2 You shall promptly provide Company with all reasonable assistance necessary to e

[... truncated at 8000 chars ...]

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Support Sign Up Privacy Policy Effective Date: October 21, 2025 Your privacy is important to us. Please read this policy carefully to
    understand how we will collect, use, and disclose your personal information,
    and what choices you have with respect to your personal information. 1. Who We Are We are Scale, a company with a mission to develop reliable artificial
    intelligence (“ AI ”) systems for the world’s most important
    decisions. We and our affiliates do this by operating global platforms that
    enable people to work when and where they want and to provide their skills
    and services for the development of AI. A reference to ” we ,” “ us ,” or the
    “ Company ” is a reference to Scale AI, Inc. and its
    affiliates, including Smart Ecosystem, Inc., involved in the collection,
    use, sharing, or other processing of personal information. Where applicable,
    the Company is the controller. 2. Scope and Applicability This policy applies to all of the services that we offer to contributors or
    specialists who create and curate the high-quality data that is needed to
    improve AI systems (the " Services "). The Services
    include the websites of our contributor platforms, including https://outlier.ai/ , https://www.remotasks.com/ , and https://platform.hfc.scale.com/ , (collectively, the “ Sites ”) and any of our other
    associated mobile or web services, software, platforms or applications. This
    policy describes how we collect, use, share or otherwise process personal
    information when you access or use our Services or attend an event or
    otherwise interact with us about the Services. 3. Personal Information We Collect When we talk about “personal information” (or “personal data”) we’re talking
    about a broad range of information. Data protection laws around the world
    define this concept in different ways, but in general, we mean any
    information that relates to an identifiable, living individual person. Personal Information You Provide Us Directly. We
      may collect the following personal information you provide directly to us: Registration information - Personal
          information we collect when you register for a user account to access
          the Services (your “ Account ”). This may include your
          name, address, country of residence, mobile phone number, email
          address, postal address, and other demographic information, which
          includes things like background information related to your experience
          and education. In certain instances, you may be asked to provide proof
          of your identity, such as a driver’s license, social security number,
          or other government-issued ID, and location to access or use the
          Services or task on certain projects. Identity verification information - We and
          our service providers, like Persona , verify users’ identities and skills to help protect the integrity
          of the Services and reduce fraud. For this purpose, when you sign up
          to use the Services and at regular intervals thereafter, we may
          collect, store, and analyze images and video or audio recordings of
          you—including selfies and images of your government-issued ID—and use
          those images and recordings to check your skills or generate
          information and measurements about your face (“Verification Data”),
          which may be considered “biometric” data or “sensitive” data under the
          laws of some jurisdictions. Under certain circumstances, you may have
          a choice between verification provided by our service provider using
          your Verification Data and an alternative for verifying your identity.
          We do not sell, lease, trade, or profit from Verification Data. Your
          Verification Data will be retained for up to two years after your last
          interaction with the Services or as required by law. We retain your
          government identification, the images, and video or audio recordings
          you provide in accordance with the “Retention and Deletion of
          Information” section of this Privacy Policy. To request deletion of
          your images, recordings, or Verification Data, email us . Your activity when you use our services -
          Personal information we collect when you use the Services and how you
          use them. We might know, for instance, that you completed the security
          review or that you undertook and/or completed tasks for a third-party
          customer (“ Customer ”) or performed support services
          related to such tasks (collectively, “ Tasks ”). If you
          submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available on the Services
          text, audio, and/or visual content and information, including
          commentary, questions, and feedback related to Tasks, AI models,
          support requests, and submission of entries for competitions and
          promotions (collectively, “User Content”), we may collect your User
          Content. User Content may include information about the qualities and
          characteristics of your voice, face, and eyes, which may be considered
          ‘biometric” data and/or “sensitive” data under the laws of some
          jurisdictions, and may be subject to a separate written data
          collection agreement between you and us or between you and a Customer. Marketing, events, and communications information – Personal information we collect when you express interest in
          obtaining information about the Services, such as by signing up for
          emails or other communications. This may include things such as your
          name, email address, mailing address, phone number, title, or company
          name. Feedback and support information - Personal
          information we collect when you contact us for support with your
          Account, or to notify us of any suspected misuse of the Services or
          violations of applicable law, the Terms of Use , the Community Guidelines , or other applicable policies, including when you contact us . Survey Information - Personal information we
          collect in response to surveys that we may conduct in order to improve
          the Services. Financial and payment information - Personal
          information we collect in order to process payment to you or provide
          tax documentation. Personal Information We Collect From You Automatically . We use tools and services commonly used on the internet, such as log
      files, cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to automatically
      collect personal information from your devices while you navigate the
      Sites or interact with emails we send to you. In this context, we collect
      things like IP address, browser or device type, operating system, the
      website you visited before the Site, and identifiers of your devices. For
      more information, please also visit our Cookies Policy . Personal Information We Collect From Third Parties . We may also collect personal information from third-party sources. For
      example: if you create or log into your Account using your Google or Facebook
          account credentials, we will access and collect your name, email
          address, country of residence, and age range from these third parties if one of our business partners provisioned you an Account, we will
          access and collect the information you provided to them for this
          purpose if you submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available User
          Content on other platforms related to Tasks, we may collect your User
          Content if you opt-in for an identity verification or a background check, our
          screening vendor may provide us with certain personal information,
          such as your name, date of birth, address, government-issued ID,
          results of identity veri

[... truncated at 8000 chars ...]

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/legal/terms
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Support Sign Up Terms of Use Effective Date: October 21, 2025 Welcome! These Terms of Use (the “ Terms ”) are a binding
    agreement between you and Scale AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
    affiliates, including Smart Ecosystem Inc., and including their agents,
    employees, executives, officers, investors, shareholders, affiliates,
    successors, assigns, subsidiaries, and parent companies (collectively,
    “ we ,” “ us ,” or the
    “ Company ”). The Terms govern your access to and use of the websites of our contributor
    platforms, including https://outlier.ai/ , https://www.remotasks.com/ , and https://platform.hfc.scale.com/ , (collectively, the “ Sites ”) and any of our other
    associated mobile or web services, applications, or platforms (collectively,
    with the Sites, the “ Services ”), and your provision of
    services related to Tasks (as defined in Section 1) for our third-party
    customers (“ Customers ”). The Company and its affiliates
    provide the Services to you subject to these Terms. These Terms consist of
    the terms and conditions below, and incorporate and include: the Independent Contractor Agreement ; the Arbitration Agreement ; the Community Guidelines ; the Privacy Policy ; the Data Processing Addendum ; and any other policies, procedures, and other guidelines that the Company
      posts on the Sites or otherwise makes available to you, including the Working Location Policy . By registering for or accessing the Services, you accept these Terms and
    warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years old or the age of legal
    majority in your jurisdiction and you have authority to bind yourself to
    these Terms. Please read these Terms, including the Arbitration Agreement in Section 10 , carefully. SECTION 10 (“APPLICABLE LAW; DISPUTES”) OF THESE TERMS (THE “ ARBITRATION AGREEMENT ”) PROVIDES THAT IF YOU RESIDE IN OR HAVE ESTABLISHMENT IN THE UNITED
    STATES, ANY CLAIMS THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER,
    INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED BEFORE
    THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THESE TERMS, WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, BE
    SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE
    ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AND SEEK
    RELIEF AGAINST THE COMPANY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR
    CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. TO THE
    FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU ALSO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN
    A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS. PLEASE SEE SECTION
    10 FOR MORE INFORMATION REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THE POSSIBLE
    EFFECTS OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, AND HOW TO OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION
    AGREEMENT. 1. User Account. In order to perform tasks for third-party Customers or perform support
    services related to such tasks (collectively, “ Tasks ”), you
    agree to register for and maintain an active user account on the Services
    (your “ Account ”). You may only possess one Account, and if
    it is suspended or terminated in accordance with these Terms, you may not
    create another one unless you have explicit permission from the Company to
    do so. The account registration requires you to submit certain personal
    information, such as your name, address, country of residence, mobile phone
    number, as well as valid payment information, social security number in some
    cases, and other unique identifiers, and the Company will use such
    information in accordance with the Privacy Policy . You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in
    your Account. Payment information must relate to financial accounts in your
    own name, and you may not permit any other person to provide your payment
    information to the Company. In certain instances, you may be asked to
    provide proof of your identity to access or use the Services, and you agree
    that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to
    provide such information. 2. The Services & Company Materials. a. The Services Access Grant. Subject to these Terms, the Company grants you a non-exclusive,
    non-transferable, right to access and use the Services solely with supported
    browsers through the internet or approved mobile applications for the
    purpose of performing Tasks as an independent contractor for the Company.
    All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by the Company, its
    Customers, and its licensors. b. Company Materials License. To the extent the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or
    assigns, licensors, or Customers supply any materials, including but not
    limited to, text, images, video, audio recordings, scope of work,
    informational materials, third-party User Content (as defined in Section
    3(d)(v)), devices, tools, equipment, records, data, notes, reports,
    proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, other documents or
    property, or reproductions of any of the aforementioned items (collectively,
    “ Company Materials ”) to you, the Company grants you a
    limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
    license to use the Company Materials solely in connection with performing
    the Tasks. c. Ownership. Except as provided in this Section 2, you obtain no rights under these Terms
    from the Company, its Customers, or its licensors to the Company Systems (as
    defined below in Section 3(d)(i)) or Company Materials, including any
    related Intellectual Property Rights (defined below in Section 4(a)(i)). You
    acknowledge and agree that, as between the parties, the Company, its
    Customers, and its licensors own all right, title, and interest in and to
    the Company Systems and Company Materials, including all Intellectual
    Property Rights therein. All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names,
    and any other source identifiers (“ Marks ”) of the Company
    used on or in connection with the Company Systems, Company Materials, or
    User Content are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Company in the
    United States and abroad. Marks used on or in connection with the Company
    Systems, Company Materials, or User Content are used for identification
    purposes only and may be the property of their respective owners. 3. Independent Contractor Agreement a. Worker Status. By signing up on the Services to complete Tasks, you understand and agree
    that you are an independent contractor of the Company and that you assume
    all liability for proper classification as an independent contractor or
    consultant based on applicable legal guidelines. Nothing contained in these
    Terms is intended to constitute or create a contract of employment or agency
    relationship with the Company, nor will it constitute or create the right or
    obligation to use or continue to use the Services or perform Tasks for any
    particular period of time. The Company will have no right to, and will not,
    direct, control, or supervise you in connection with the Tasks you perform.
    You will not at any time during your affiliation with the Company receive
    any benefits or other incidental perks of employment. Any payment made to
    you by the Company is for Tasks completed by you or related thereto, as
    agreed between the parties, and such payments do not constitute regular
    salary or compensation for any other purpose. You further agree that the
    Company is not restricting in any way your right or ability to perform
    services for others, including but not limited to, any employer, your own
    customers, or through any other crowdsourcing service or any other means.
    You will not represent yourself to customers or anyone else as an employee
    or agent of the Company. At all times, you agree and acknowledge that you
    are an 

[... truncated at 8000 chars ...]

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/login
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Log in to Remotasks Email * Email * Password * Password * Forgot password? Log in - or - Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Need to create an account? Sign Up

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
URL:       https://www.remotasks.com/en/signup
Platform:  Remotasks
Type:      n/a
Audience:  worker
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Why Remotasks? Consistent Work There are new projects always coming in & long term projects you can consistently work on Get paid often Cash out your earnings every week Earn a living While working from home, Remotaskers have earned over 15 million USD from home! Start earning money from home today Sign up for Remotasks Unfortunately, we aren't currently accepting new contributors from your location on Remotasks. However, we encourage you to check out exciting opportunities to train Generative AI on Outlier.ai . Already have an account? Log in

